_English version below._


# Lær Kidsa Koding sin oppgavesamling

Her finner du kilden til Lær Kidsa Koding sin oppgavesamling. Oppgavene er
skrevet i formatet markdown, og konverteres så til nettsider. Hvis _du_ har lyst
å bidra kan du åpne [wikien](https://github.com/kodeklubben/oppgaver/wiki) og
lese veiledningene og retningslinjene for å bidra.

I wikien finner du veiledninger som hjelper deg å komme i gang med bruk av
GitHub lokalt på datamaskinen din slik at du kan laste opp endringer og nye
oppgaver på en praktisk og ordentlig måte. Der finner du tips til programvare å
jobbe i, og tips til hvordan du skriver en god oppgave.

Hvis du har funnet en feil eller har lyst å forbedre noe, så kan du gjerne sende
en [issue](//github.com/kodeklubben/oppgaver/issues). Særlig dersom du har et
problem eller en idé som du ikke har en løsning på her og nå.

Til slutt: Vi trenger din hjelp! Alle bidrag settes pris på og er nyttige for å
gjøre nettsidene så gode som mulig.


# English version

This is the Norwegian movement _Teach the kids to code_'s (Lær Kidsa Koding)
collection of programming assignments. These assignments are a tool to teach
kids of all ages to code in different programming languages. The assignments are
written in the markdown format, and then converted to web pages. If _you_ want
to contribute, you can read up on our guidelines in the
[wiki](https://github.com/kodeklubben/oppgaver/wiki) (currently only available
in Norwegian).

Most assignments are only available in Norwegian as of this time. We would like
to offer coding assignments in more languages. If you are interested in helping
us add assignments in your language, please be in touch! 

The wiki contains guidelines for getting started with GitHub on your computer to
upload changes and new assignments in a practical and clean way. You will find
recommendations for useful software and tips on how to write good assignments.
There is a template for assignments as well.

If you find any errors or want to improve something, you are welcome to raise an
[issue](//github.com/kodeklubben/oppgaver/issues). In particular if you have a
problem or an idea which you do not have a solution for right here and now.

Finally: we need your help! All contributions are highly valued and useful to
make our websites as good as possible.
